# HungryChoices

HungryChoices aims to match users with dishes based on food preferences so that they never have to worry about finding what to eat. In the style of a dating app, this website takes a user's profile and discovers dishes that are a close fit. If users find themselves unable to choose what to cook or eat, they can simply log into the website and start looking for matches based upon a number of criteria, such as region, dietary restrictions, or key ingredients. However, before users are allowed to use such search features, they must create an account which is backed by a database to hold their information. Thus, when they log out of their account, their old preferences will be saved. Next time this user logs back in, they can then continuee matching without having to reselect all of their preferences again. 

More than just a dating web application, users can also look through options based upon filters and browse all the options that are available to them, provided by a food API. This allows users to also discover food options on their own without having to match with the dish. If neither of these options proves sufficient for determining what to eat, the website can pick a choice for the user. When the user eventually finds a dish they are fond of, they can save the dish by liking it and it will be saved to their account so they can quickly access the dish at a later time. When users find themselves hungry, yet unsure what to eat, HungryChoices is the number one stop for them.
  
  
## Proposed Architure
On the back end, we will be using PostgreSQL as our database to store things like user profiles, preferences, matches, and liked foods. On the front end, our website will be made with HTML and CSS with Bootstrap to help stylize it. We will use Node.js to create the back-end framework of our website, including the communication between the front and back-end database. It will also help with the website’s functions, like swiping left or right on different foods to create dynamic page content.
